lib: Add AT shell library (#6094)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/libraries/modem/at_shell.rst

.. _lib_at_shell:

AT shell
########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

> The library can be used to add an AT shell command to a shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use this library to add an AT shell command to a shell.
```

> This enables sending AT commands to the modem and receiving responses.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This enables you to send AT commands to the modem and receive responses.
```

> When the library is enabled, the shell will have a command called ``at``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the library is enabled, the shell will have a command ``at``.
```

> It's also possible to enable an AT command notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable AT command notifications.
```

* Enable AT command notifications:

  .. code-block:: console

     at events_enable

* Disable AT command notifications:

  .. code-block:: console

     at events_disable

Configuration
*************

> The library expects a shell to be enabled by the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library expects that you have enabled a shell.
To enable and configure the shell, use the following Kconfig options:
```

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL` - Enables the AT Host library
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL_CMD_RESPONSE_MAX_LEN` - Maximum AT command response length

> In order to send AT read commands (ending with ``?``), shell wildcards must be disabled:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To send AT read commands (ending with ``?``), disable the shell wildcards using the following Kconfig option:
```

.. _lib_at_shell:

AT shell
########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

You can use this library to add an AT shell command to a shell.
This enables you to send AT commands to the modem and receive responses.
When the library is enabled, the shell will have a command ``at``.

You can also enable AT command notifications and disable them.

* Enable AT command notifications:

  .. code-block:: console

     at events_enable

* Disable AT command notifications:

  .. code-block:: console

     at events_disable

Configuration
*************

The library expects that you have enabled a shell.

> To enable and configure the shell, use the following Kconfig options:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To enable and configure the AT shell, use the following Kconfig options:
```
Previous sentence said "enable a shell" and this sentence says "configure the shell" which refers to the general shell mentioned in previous sentence. At least for me. And this line is about AT shell, not shell in general.

Author: Good point, I'll change as suggested

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL` - Enables the AT Host library
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL_CMD_RESPONSE_MAX_LEN` - Maximum AT command response length

> 

Reviewer 2: Although it should be clear, should we mention that to enable the shell, `CONFIG_SHELL` should be set.

Author: Will add a sentence about this

.. _lib_at_shell:

AT shell
########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

You can use this library to add an AT shell command to a shell.
This enables you to send AT commands to the modem and receive responses.
When the library is enabled, the shell will have a command ``at``.

> You can also enable AT command notifications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also enable AT command notifications and disable them.
```

* Enable AT command notifications:

  .. code-block:: console

     at events_enable

* Disable AT command notifications:

  .. code-block:: console

     at events_disable

Configuration
*************

The library expects that you have enabled a shell.
To enable and configure the shell, use the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL` - Enables the AT Host library
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL_CMD_RESPONSE_MAX_LEN` - Maximum AT command response length

To send AT read commands (ending with ``?``), disable the shell wildcards using the following Kconfig option:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_SHELL_WILDCARD`

Dependencies
************

> This library uses the following |NCS| libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library uses the following |NCS| library:
```

* :ref:`at_monitor_readme`

> This library uses the following `sdk-nrfxlib`_ libraries:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This library uses the following `sdk-nrfxlib`_ library:
```

* :ref:`nrfxlib:nrf_modem_at`

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
API documentation
*****************

| Header file: :file:`path_to_the_header_file`
| Source file: :file:`lib/at_shell/at_shell.c`
```
Add the header file and the path to it.

Author: The library actually doesn't have a header file and no public API, only Kconfig options, so I removed this section

Reviewer 2: Should we mention this, that is, the fact there is no header file. As a developer not familiar with shell and AT shell, I'd be looking for it. And not mentioning it in documentation can mean it doesn't exist, or it's been forgotten. So to rule this out. I'd clearly say somewhere that this library doesn't have an API or header file but only configurations.
I don't know if we've said this in some other library somewhere.

@peknis What do you think?

Reviewer: A good idea. We have an example of such case in https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/libraries/modem/at_host.html.

Author: Alright, I'll add a similar section to that, thanks for the link @peknis 
Btw, there might be a header file coming down the road to allow for custom print/format functions

.. _lib_at_shell:

AT shell
########

.. contents::
   :local:
   :depth: 2

You can use this library to add an AT shell command to a shell.
This enables you to send AT commands to the modem and receive responses.

Configuration
*************

The library expects that you have enabled a shell using :kconfig:`CONFIG_SHELL`.
To enable and configure the AT shell, use the following Kconfig options:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL` - Enables the AT Host library
* :kconfig:`CONFIG_AT_SHELL_CMD_RESPONSE_MAX_LEN` - Maximum AT command response length

To send AT read commands (ending with ``?``), disable the shell wildcards using the following Kconfig option:

* :kconfig:`CONFIG_SHELL_WILDCARD`

> Dependencies

Reviewer: I would rather have the Usage section before the Dependencies.

Author: Fixed
